'Kay, Listen. I will
separate Takeo and his
girlfriend for a bit.
Then you'll have time to finally
confess your love to him.
Confess my love... to Takeo?
My love...
Uhh... AHHH!
AHHH!
Oh my God! You can't even
think about telling him
without freaking out.
Whatever! I am so
totally over him, okay?!
Oh yeah?! Then how come
every time you sing karaoke
it's just one sappy Kana
love song after another!
UH! I-it's not like that!
This can't be good.
Uh-huh.
I do think he's a
good guy, but...
(Ai and Oda argue)
I guess things don't
always work out.
[SUNA]
We should get
going soon, guys!
Let's go!
This discussion is over!
And you are not going to try
to trap me alone with Takeo!
Got it?!
HMPH! So, sorry! Shall we?
You okay?
Hehe. I'm fine!
[ODA]
If she doesn't put
an end to this,
I'm never even going to
have a chance with her.
♪Opening song♪
(Train horn in distance)
(Chatter)
There are so many people here.
I wonder if they're all
going to MM Land!
Well, it IS a long weekend.
I hope they don't start
turning people away from
entering the park.
Oh, that sucks.
I forgot my phone.
Oh, it's okay. I
have mine right here.
Yeah, I got mine, too.
[SUNA]
That doesn't really
do anything for me.
(Ai laughs)
If we get separated
from the group,
just use Takeo as a landmark.
[TAKEO] Right!
[SUNA] If I do
happen to get lost,
do me a favor and do not
come looking for me.
[TAKEO]
Suna! Don't be like that!
[P.A.]
Hello and welcome to magical
MM Land!
Alright, everybody,
give me your IDs!
I'll go get our speed
passes at the kiosk.
I'll come with you.
There's safety in
numbers, my good man.
Huh? I don't- HUH?!
Where do we need to
go for passports?
(All laugh)
Y'know, once I get
used to your size,
you're actually a
really funny guy, Takeo!
Huh?
Aww, that looks super
great on you Takeo!
You're looking super great
yourself, Ms. Yamato.
So how about it,
you gonna try one on?
Uh, that's not
really my color.
Aw, come on. This is the place
where you're supposed to
let loose and have some fun.
Are they gonna kick
me out if I don't?
I think they'd look
good on you, Sis.
Mm-hmm!
Uh! Okay, fine.
(Oda giggles)
Uh! What's your problem?!
What? I didn't
say anything!
(Growl)
(Nervous grunt)
Hey guys...
Let's go on the big water ride
that drops straight down!
(Intense groan)
WHOOAA!
Aaaah! Here
comes the water!
(Ai growls)
WHAA!
AHH! This is so fast!
(More growling)
(Takeo and Rinko giggle)
[TAKEO]
This is so much fun.
I don't remember
having this much fun
at an amusement
park in my whole life!
Takeo, this is such a good time!
I'm smiling so much,
my cheeks hurt!
Yeah, me too!
(Both laughing)
(Kids shouting)
Oh!
[RINKO]
Look! It's MM!
I got an idea. Let's take
a picture together-
AHH! That's one of the top
three jinxes at MM Land!
Uh. Is it considered a date
if I'm only hanging out
with just you, Takeo?
Then, why don't you
go on a ride with me?
Back off, Oda!
Come on, little lady,
you're riding with me!
[ODA]
Dude...
Wanna go?
Yeah.
Suna. Is this jink
for real or-
(Ghostly wail)
AAHHH!
It's not just a jinx if
it turns out to be true.
Are you saying-
AAHHH!
[SUNA]
Look at it this way,
lots of couples come here.
Some stay together forever
and others break up.
In reality, more
of the latter.
Maybe there just aren't that
many successful relationships.
Is that it? Is that reality?
Makes sense. I guess...
Ever since I started
dating Ms. Yamato,
I've had nothing but fun...
I suppose I've forgotten
about things like that.
(Rinko giggling)
Forgotten about reality.
(Takeo screams)
I could hear you screaming
all the way in the back.
I kinda get freaked out
when things jump out at me.
[ODA]
Whoo! I am kinda starving.
Hey, Takeo, you wanna
get some food?
[AI]
Ugghhh!
Whoa, what's your deal?
Can't a coupla guys go get
themselves something to eat?
(Ai growls)
Hehehe...
So, Takeo, about you
and your girlfriend...
Who let their feelings
be known first?
Hm... I guess she did.
The way it played out.
Really? Is that right?
Yeah.
Yeah, well...
I really want to let
you-know-who confess
her feelings, too.
[ODA]
The guy needs to know
that she's been in love
with him this entire time.
Because otherwise,
her feelings won't
ever be returned.
I see... (Gasp)
But what if she hits it
off with the guy?!
What are you gonna do then?
You do want to be
with her, right?
If it works that way...
it will be for the best.
It'll hurt.
And I'll cry. That's all.
Huh...
Oh man...
[ODA]
Aren't those hot?!
I have some pretty
thick skin.
Haha! I'd say so!
Hey!
[AI]
Must've been crowded.
Why yes, yes it was!
Gave us lots of time to chat
about lots of stuff!
[TAKEO]
Interesting...
(Birds chirping)
Oda, you didn't talk to him
about anything
embarrassing, did you?
Nah... I've
already given up.
Huh?
It's just
too much, y'know?
I'm focusing on spending as
much time as I can with you.
I'll settle for making
some good memories and
then I'll head home.
Oda...
So can I offer you a nice
tasty hotdog- Oh!
AHH!
[ODA]
GAH! OH!
I am so sorry! I think there's
a restroom right over there!
[RINKO]
I'll go wet down
this towel.
Oh, it's fine, I can
take care of this myself.
[ODA]
Bingo!
Man! That looks really good!
[RINKO]
Oh, popcorn!
Come on, guys! I saw the
popcorn stand earlier!
Let's go get some!
Oh, Takeo, you stay
here as our landmark.
We'll bring you back some.
Mm-hmm!
This way, move along, let's go.
Yummy delicious popcorn...
[AI]
Huh? Where is everyone?
They went with Oda to go
and buy some popcorn.
Popcorn, huh?
(Phone jingles)
[ODA]
The three of us are heading
over to Marchen Zone.
Feel free to confess any bottled
up feelings you might have.
By the way, I'm using one
Rinko Yamato's phone,
so don't bother calling her.
WHHAAA?!
I'm sorry, Takeo.
We might've gotten separated
from your lady. Sorry.
What?!
Apparently, they went
to the Marchen Zone.
Should we go look
for them?
Okay!
Oh, it looks like
the popcorn is in
the Future Zone!
And that's over here.
[WORKER]
Thanks a lot! Enjoy!
The architecture around
here is pretty amazing.
Let's look around and
check some more stuff out.
Yeah, but we should
be getting back. Right?
Oh. I told them we'll meet
here in the Future Zone,
so it'll be fine.
They said
they're headed
our way right now.
(Sigh)
Okay. Thank you so
much for all of this.
Oh?
It's because of you, Oda,
I've been able to come
to MM Land with Takeo.
And it's been a
really good time.
Uh! Uh...
Hm?
[AI]
Any sign of them over there?
Nope. Hmm...
I'm sorry, Takeo.
Hm?
Oda can be difficult...
like, he crashed at your
place and is causing all
sorts of trouble.
[TAKEO]
Not at all! I wouldn't
call this trouble.
Oda... He's a good guy.
(Sigh)
Oh, well, he's not really
a bad guy I suppose.
Lemme try giving
Ms. Yamato a call!
The battery's dead!
AAAGH!
(Phone jingles)
Uh...
[ODA]
Oh, by the way,
I unplugged Takeo's phone
from the wall last night
before I went to sleep!
He's an evil, horrible,
awful, bad guy!
(Sigh)
Even if we ARE all alone,
I'm not doing any confessing!
Just tell me where you are!
(Phone jingles)
(Sigh)
[ODA]
Why won't you just do it?
The guy doesn't know that
you've had feelings for him
for most of his life.
That's why he treats
you like a sister.
You will never know what could
happen unless he finds out.
Don't you WANT to know?
[TAKEO]
What's the matter, Sis?
Ah!
What could...
What could happen?
[RINKO]
Okay, so...
Ah.
Were you able to get
ahold of them yet?
Uh, it looks like they wound up
in the Resort Zone by mistake.
Huh?
The Resort Zone is on the
other side of the park.
I'm sorry. This is all
because I said I wanted
to get some stupid popcorn.
Oh, no no! It's fine.
I'm sure we'll catch up
with them in time
for the Sparkle Parade!
[RINKO]
Where is the Resort Zone?
That way, right?
(CLUNK)
HM!
(FLASH)
AHH!
Well, I didn't see 'em
in Marchen Zone.
You could actually see
something just then?!
(Phone jingles)
Huh?
[ODA]
We just arrived at Future Zone.
Futuuure?! What the heck!?!
[ODA]
Just kidding.
We just got to Resort Zone!
Heehee!
(Clock rings)
(Waltz music plays)
This place sure is crowded.
[AI]
Takeo! Wait for me!
(Heavy breathing)
Uggh!
(Heavy sigh)
Oh, right. She's been
trying to keep up with me.
She must be tired.
Ah! Okay, I'm good.
Let's go!
Hey, Sis.
Hm?
Let's ride something relaxing
to give ourselves a break.
Huh? But don't we need to
hurry and find everybody and-
Nah, it'll be right.
Uhh...
(Ai chuckles awkwardly)
Uh... Takeo...
What is it?
What's the matter?
Nothing's wrong. I'm okay...
[TAKEO]
Let's see... I'm taking
up the whole teacup.
She must be cramped.
Maybe I can make some
more room for her.
Let me move over a bit...
AHH!
(Wind whistling)
Uh?
[TAKEO]
Centrifugal force!
She's gonna get crushed!
(Whimper)
That was not
as relaxing as
I had hoped.
Uh, yeah...
Are you gonna
be sick, Sis?
Too close.
Oh yeah, sorry.
(Exhale)
[TAKEO]
'Kay, how about we
try that one next?
Huh?
Oh, the 3-D dome?
That looks pretty
relaxing, right?
Yeah, but I'm sure the
others are getting worried.
Oh, it'll be fine.
We're having fun!
We just have to meet them
in time for the Sparkle Parade.
Huh?
Um. Are you sure?
(Laughing)
Oh man, I've always wanted
to go on this ride! Haha!
Yeah, it's really fun!
[ODA]
Right? It's the best!
(Whispering)
Sorry 'bout this.
(Nature sounds)
AH! WHOA!
(Ai laughs)
AH!
Oh, NO!
(Gasp)
[AI]
You know, Takeo...
(Other couple laughs)
It's a 3-D movie.
Oh, yeah! Ah!
I'm such an idiot.
I'm totally embarrassing her!
(Whimper)
[TAKEO]
I'm always doing that.
Overreacting and making
people uncomfortable.
Mama! Where are you, Mama?!
Urggh!
AH! Mama!
[MOTHER]
Oh, Taro! Oh, honey!
Thank goodness!
[AI]
You used to be that kid.
You do know that, right?
Now, you're the one
who's saving the day.
You sure have grown up, Takeo.
Do you... remember...?
Back in elementary school,
you told me that I
reminded you of a flower
that was sitting outside
a flower shop.
You remember saying that?
A flower?
I said that?
(Sigh)
Um... Yes.
It was a long time ago,
why would you remember?
Come on, let's go
find your girlfriend!
I've got my energy back.
Okay.
Lemme know if you
get tired again.
[TAKEO]
I probably won't notice.
You're gonna have to tell me.
You can say that again.
A flower, huh...
I don't remember what I
said when I was a kid.
But if there was ever
a flower like you.
It would be that one
right there, Sis.
(Gasp)
(Laugh)
Well that's the same
type of flower!
You're still the same,
aren't you, Takeo?
[ODA]
The guy doesn't know that
you've had feelings for him
for most of his life.
That's why he treats
you like a sister.
You will never know what could
happen unless he finds out.
Don't you WANT to know?
Takeo...
[ODA]
I haven't gotten
anything back yet.
Huh?
Maybe she finally told him.
We should split up
and look for them!
Why don't the two of you head
over to the Marchen Zone.
I'll take a look around here.
Uh! Okay, sure.
(Heavy breathing)
[GUY 1]
This is bullcrap.
[GUY 2]
You can't get hypnotized.
It's a trick. A scam.
[GUY 1]
Hello? Hello?
I think it's working!
[GUY 2]
Seriously?!
Now listen... The man you
love most in the world
is standing right
in front of you.
[AI]
Yes.
I want you to look
him in the eye
and call out his name.
Takeo.
[HYPNOTIST]
Oh really? Takeo?
Is that what you said?
[AI]
His name is Takeo Goda.
Is he your boyfriend?!
He's not my boyfriend.
Takeo already has a girlfriend.
Her name is Rinko Yamato.
[ODA] Okay, that's enough!
[Group] Huh?
You guys have taken
this too far!
(Group complaining)
Man... just when it
was getting good!
Heey! It's time to wake up now!
Takeo...
Oh!
Uh! Oh god!
What was I doing just
now?! What'd I say?
Takeo...
I...
I-
[P.A.]
Ladies and gentlemen!
The Sparkle Parade will
begin in 30 minutes!
For the best viewing
areas along the parade route,
please follow the park
attendants' instructions.
Enjoy the show!
UUHHH!
It's almost time for
the parade to start!
OHH!
You're supposed to
watch it with Rinko!
Yeah! Oh, but my phone-
You're just gonna
have to look for her!
Oh! Yeah, you're right!
Thanks a lot, Sis!
I'll go find her!
(Sigh)
Oh?
(Heavy breathing)
(Whimper)
Takeo...
Huh?
Ah!
Hm...
Ah...
You better be good to her!
Right!
[ODA]
Yeah, I found 'em. Yeah.
Right in front of the castle.
You can't miss it.
Yeah. We'll stay right
here then. See ya.
"You better be good to her"?
What's that supposed to mean?
Maybe this was all a bad idea.
Oda, I am never going
to tell Takeo how I
really feel about him.
Huh?
(Ai chuckles)
I guess I kinda love it
when he calls me "Sis."
And the fact that he
can be such a carefree,
bumbling idiot around me.
Hey guys! Over here!
Heeey! Where's Takeo?
What? He just went
looking for you, Rinko!
Huh?
He ran off in
that direction.
It hasn't been long, so
you can still catch him.
Okay!
But if we watch the
parade alone together,
we'll get jinxed,
and then we can't-
Look, that stupid jinx
is a bunch of nonsense!
Don't believe it!
Believe in Takeo!
Yeah, I guess so.
You're right, Sis.
I just have to believe in
Takeo and it'll be fine.
This is the second time
when I've been acting crazy and
you've had to set me straight...
Agh! I am just worthless!
It's fine! Now just get
your butt outta here!
What now?
What's wrong now?
Here! This is for you.
[RINKO]
I want to thank you
for helping me so much.
It's a coffee chiffon.
Okay... I'm gonna go
find Takeo now!
That girl is something else.
I didn't know she
bakes stuff, too.
That's right.
She bakes, too.
(Chuckle)
[AI]
You hungry?
Mmm, now that's good.
You can tell she made
it with you in mind.
It's coffee,
so it's slightly bitter.
But with a light
hint of sweetness.
It's perfect.
[AI]
Somebody baked something for me.
And for the second
time in my life, I got
compared to a flower.
I gotta say,
it was a good day.
(Chuckle)
I wonder if those two
will find each other...
Takeo's never been very
good at finding things.
(Ai laughs)
I'm sure
it'll work out.
Things like this usually do.
When you want something bad
enough and you keep after it...
you're gonna find it.
Plus, Takeo's not the only
one looking, is he?
[TAKEO]
People... People...
People everywhere...
Hm!
Ms. Yamato... Ms. Yamato...
Where are you?
Ah!
(Gasp)
(Giggle)
(Both laughing)
I totally found you
'cause you're so big!
Yeah, well, it's good
for somethin', huh?
But y'know, somehow I feel like
I would've found you anyway.
If we believe we can.
We always will.
Yeah!
[RINKO]
When I was looking
for you...
I thought about
the parade...
and how I wouldn't
want to see it...
without you.
Hmm. Yeah.
Oh! Yeah, but what
about the jinx thing?
Nah. I don't believe
in that stuff.
Okay...
It's beautiful.
Even with all these
people around.
I feel like the two of us
are here all by ourselves.
It's amazing. It's like...
it's like a miracle.
I feel like it's one of
those things to hold onto.
One of those memories
I'll cherish forever.
[TAKEO]
You're right.
Forever.
Daddy, what's going on?
I can't see the parade!
[FATHER]
Okay, you want to
get on my shoulders?
Oh sorry, I'll get
out of the way.
Guess I can be
too big... uh?
(Hearts beating)
[BOTH]
AHH!
I guess I sorta ruined
that moment, didn't I?
Don't mind me. I'll
just watch the parade.
Please continue.
Crap! The last
bus out is full!
HM!
Ahh...
[ODA]
I decided that I
can't wait anymore.
I'm going to make her mine!
Well best of luck to ya...
Hey! Don't fall asleep!
Talk to me!
Tell me some stories
about the lovely and
beautiful Ai Sunakawa.
Mm-mmm...
Okay. Well, one time
back in middle school,
I went over to Suna's
house to play...
[ODA, MIMICKING TAKEO]
...but his sister came
out in her pajamas,
and I didn't know
what to do.
But she didn't even care, my
heart was racing like crazy.
(Gasp)
Anyway, that's what he
told me last night.
What? Really? He felt
that way about me?
Uh-huh.
Uh! I really made
his heart race?
OHH!
Aah! Takeo Goda, I hate you!
I hate you so much!
Why? Why is it that whenever
she just thinks about you
it makes her look so gorgeous?!
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Girlfriend.